Generally, we all are aware of parking of vehicles.
So,in the modern technology everything is creating its own path according to lifestyle of a human.
So,here let me click an idea about parking of vehicles in the modern days.
Genarally,every where we can see the parking places like bustops,roadside parking,hosipitals,railwaystations,
etc.
But there will be certain way of parking places in highly complicated or highly developed areas such as universities,
shopping malls,hosipitals,airports etc.
The way of parking is quite different from normal areas to complicated areas,so for the parking of vehicles in 
those areas there will be process such as system applications.
when we entered in such areas there will be facility of login in our respective mobile. so when we logged in that
it sends the information to the server such as ur vehicle number,car size those all information it will gather and it sends
back to you about the parking place in the respective place so you need not to check manually you can directly go by the path shown by the server.
If you mismatched the way also the server will send you the notification so it takes easy to you.
so this is the trend which we are following now.
But we need to think about the people who are not registered and finding parking place manually right.
so i got few ideas  for that:
so here i would run about it.
In every complicated areas there will be sensors right, so here by using the sensors we can identify anything which are going
in that particular area.
So,here first thing their should not be any traffic collisions for the vehicles those who are registered and not registered.
here there are few ways for this problem.
we can keep seperate parking places for registered vehicles and non registered vehicles,so we need to keep directions with the symboitic 
representation to find parking place it might be control some struggle for the people  to find out the parking place.
This is a casuall way representation.
For the following modern technology we need to keep effort to genarate new ideas such as:
In the parking places there will be registered and non registered vehicles so here there will be sensors to findout the registerd vehicles
such as Gate sensors,proximity sensors,etc.
Gate sensors used to allow only the registered vehicles because it can identify the registerd vehicle number and non registered vehicles.
Gate sensors:
Radar Movement Sensors:

These sensors can detect individuals in a specified area. 
Because of this, radar movement sensors are suitable as opening activators for automatic gates. 
The advantages of these sensors include the ability to penetrate foreign materials like plaster, plastic, wood, etc., detection of goods and people, adjustable sensitivity,
and the ability to detect the direction of movement. One major disadvantage of these sensors is that they cannot detect stationary objects.

Pressure Sensors:

Pressure sensors are one of the first sensors that were used to open automatic gates.
These sensors detect changes in the pressure/weight on a specific area of the ground (control mat) in front and back of the gates.
When the trigger limit for weight is increased, the doors are opened. The biggest advantage of pressure sensors is that they keep the door open as long as the person
stands/walks near the doors. Not only does this prevent the doors from ‘closing in’ on a person, but it also makes it easy for swift entry/exit.

Optical Sensors or Motion Detectors:

Most automatic gates nowadays use optical sensors or motion detectors, which are installed on the sides of the gate to trigger its opening and closing.
As the name suggests, these sensors detect motion in front of the door. An antenna is installed on the gate header pointing in the outward and downward direction. 
This antenna produces a microwave beam that detects motion. Optical sensors are highly effective however they have one major disadvantage; they are only designed to detect
motion. So, if a person is standing still, the sensors might not open the gate.

Passive Infrared Movement Sensors:

Once they are installed, passive infrared movement sensors store the infrared image they detect in a given range for which they are set. 
The sensor creates a distinct signal when the thermal image changes. These sensors are quite reliable when it comes to making an automatic gate open.
They are compact in design, have precise detection ranges, and they can be set very accurately.

Active Infrared Sensors:

Active infrared sensors consist of at least two receiver chips and a transmitter.
The receiver chips feature high-performance optics. The receiver can recognize whether the infrared light emitted from the transmitter is reflected by an object or
individual inside/outside the scanning zone. These sensors are well suited for use as protection against cutting or crushing edges in swing doors, sliding doors,
and revolving doors.
 These are the gate sensors.
 Proximity sensor:
 this is used to check whether the vehicle is going in proper path or any obstacles are occured to notify it.
 So by using this sensors we can maintain proper parking of vehicles, here gate sensors can identify the registered vehicle number to allow for the parking in a particular place and 
 remaining vehicles can go to another place which is allocated parking place for the non registered vehicles.
 
 This is of about a parking space for a vehicle.



